you
interesting questions I suppose really
are always wary of new products that are
supposed to give you something extra
this day and age of excellent oils
excellent fuels you're a little bit
weary but certainly an hour Dino tests
then we obtained with two different
engines I think about one we yours power
gate we also increase the top by about
14 pound which took us into the murmur
of torque figure the torque curve was
slightly flatter as well which was also
been looking for that it's not a nice
easy bike to ride and I think the most
impressive thing that we saw really was
acceleration from 0 to about 150 then we
were about point three quicker on five
rooms that we did so you know Evan Lee
that on an honor on the circuit and I
lap is it's really what we're looking
for so overall certainly earlier we're
very very impressed with the product
we don't risk when we touch the top part
we got them onto a lap pace that the
Luther we doing comfortably and then we
added occitane both riders bought the
bike fell better they both lap slightly
quicker not a great deal quicker but
then again it was early seas and track
was cold so we're not looking for a huge
amount i think the TT can be very
interesting because two of the bikes are
stop road engines I'm expecting there to
see it slightly larger game I realize
they're also claiming that it's greener
because there again if we could run less
fuel load certainly that would be a big
bonus than the old man where most of
your tanks now you have to run certain
elite rich you can only run a certain
interest so quite a few people still
keep running out on refueling laps
enough to push back in so we're hoping
that will help is that
so the less emissions from it which is
good if I can only see a benefit if the
change in life makes makes them by easy
for a writer to ride that's how much
must be safer so anything that makes it
safer for super bikes then and if we're
all on it it's like the controlled tire
and we're already uncontrolled fuel if
it was good if it contains occitane and
we're away the problem
Oh